New posts are written in the `_posts` folder. Filename syntax is important, so just make sure they match the others. You can use HTML in Markdown files, and have to in this case, required by the 'Gage Salzano framework' ;). A few rules I think for HTML in Markdown:

- Markdown syntax will not work inside of HTML tags.
- Block element tags must not be indented, and must be surrounded by blank lines.

#Front Matter

-You can rearrange the order posts are displayed on the front page by changing the date.
-style: for styling the featured image. I'm pretty sure the site broke when I put a semicolon after the last style rule, so be careful there.
-stack_color: color of the 'cards' for the grid hover effect
-dark_title: if you want the post title to be dark on the home page, just add dark_title: true

#Posts

- Put this line at the beginning of each post:
	{% assign slide = site.data.slide %}
- the slide tags define what will be considered a "slide" at <500px. `startmobile` will only be seen on small widths, `startdesktop` only on wide screens, and `start` is seen on both.

##Images

- I put images in HTML syntax, wrapped in a <div>
- the HTML attributes `srcset` and `sizes` work together to offer multiple image sizes for the browser to choose from when loading the page. This is not necessary, but I put them in since Zeplin gave three sizes of each, and I figured as a design portfolio we'd want the best images possible.

##Classes
- full-height only effects the mobile view, which will make the image full screen
- full-width only effects desktop view, which makes them full-width
- if you try to use both of these at once, something very strange and bad happens.
- `bg` is a class you should give to any paragraphs that should be on top of full-height images. it just adds the gradient background for mobile and makes it position: absolute and stuff.
- if you want to put multiple images in a row, wrap images in a div with a class of `row`. On "Stuff For Friends", you can see a `column` inside of a `row`. no need to use `column` outside of a row, and it might do some strange shit.
- see how I put the <!-- --> between images that are in a row. This eliminates white-space between the elements

For figcaptions and whatnot, just see the examples. If you're having trouble, just ask me, because I've probably run into the issue already!

The "available for hire" is a setting in _config.yml. available: true. Be careful in the .yml file, because it is based on indentation. This is also where you add new quotes! Depending on how we deploy this, you might have to run a command that rebuilds the site. But I think jekyll docs say there are tools/server-side scripts that do this automatically, so we'll see.